docs: add new API documentation (#27)
kawalcovid19/silacak: README.md

- [Indonesian](CONTRIBUTING_ID.md)

When contributing to our project, please use English when communicating with other people in issues and/or pull requests. [Click here](CONTRIBUTING.md#why-are-we-using-english-in-our-issues--prs) to read why. ([Bahasa Indonesia](CONTRIBUTING_ID.md#mengapa-kita-menggunakan-bahasa-inggris-dalam-menulis-issue-dan-pull-request))

> ## API
> for api documentation, [click here](docs/api-reference.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## API

For API documentation, [click here](docs/api-reference.md).
```

As mentioned earlier, please give an extra line between headings and paragraphs.

- [Indonesian](CONTRIBUTING_ID.md)

When contributing to our project, please use English when communicating with other people in issues and/or pull requests. [Click here](CONTRIBUTING.md#why-are-we-using-english-in-our-issues--prs) to read why. ([Bahasa Indonesia](CONTRIBUTING_ID.md#mengapa-kita-menggunakan-bahasa-inggris-dalam-menulis-issue-dan-pull-request))

## API

> for api documentation, [click here](docs/api-reference.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our API documentation is in [api-reference.md](docs/api-reference.md) file.
```

Rephrase the sentence to make it more obvious.

Author: Done, please check it agian.
